Documentation + improve usage of Mindee client (#60)
mindee/mindee-api-java: docs/java-us-bank-check-ocr.md

> The .NET OCR SDK supports the [Bank Checks OCR](https://developers.mindee.com/docs/bank-check-ocr) for extracting data from bank checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Java OCR SDK supports the [Bank Checks API](https://developers.mindee.com/docs/bank-check-ocr) for extracting data from bank checks.
```
